# Chapter One

Zenon was running through the trees with a mask drawn over the bottom half of his face as his eyes flickered around. He had a small assortment of weapons over his body, most notably an engraved katana on his back with daggers by his sides. His white hair hung messily over his face and his gold eyes barely shone, almost emotionless some would say. Empty. The young boy came to a pause on a notably large tree, his boots creaking slightly as he sat in a Spiderman-like pose although the idea of him being a superhero was far from the mind of many. Well, the very few still alive who knew him. 
‘Man…How long is this stupid thing?’ he thought to himself. ‘Is this even worth it?’ he sighed as he leaned back and stretched out his legs, just as a dagger barely whisked over his hair and embedded itself in the tree behind him. A headshot if he was a few millimetres higher. In one swift movement, he’d swing himself off the tree dodging a further array of daggers as his eyes locked directly onto the assailant who seemed to panic. They seemed to expect the first shot to be a certain win and they hadn’t prepared for a counter. Perfect. Zenon landed and burst forward covering the short distance between them speedily. Not enough time for the assailant to reach into their stash. Zenon watched their eyes widen as he embedded a dagger of his own into their chest, blood swelling around the impact as he pulled it out and swung into their neck slamming them into the ground with a grunt—picture-perfect execution. 
Spinning the blade he wiped it on the corpse's arm before pocketing it and wiping his sweaty hair. Momentarily a small bump stuck out between his fringe but it was quickly covered as he let his hair down. He’d walk off into the woods humming to himself, “One down.”

---

An arrow swished through the trees and tagged an unsuspecting participant in the neck causing them to fall to the ground. The rest of their unofficial team immediately put up their guard although arrows rained down on them from all over and the four cowards were felled, never knowing what took them out. A brown-skinned girl emerged from the foliage and took a look at what lay before her, scrunching her nose slightly. She glanced over at the river running by them and the unattended bottles. It seemed they were collecting water when she got them, true hunters should not have been in the open like that. Just as she was about to leave she felt something hurtle into the side of her, a person with mad eyes. They tumbled towards the water and she felt rough hands on her throat, forcing her head into the water. It was shocking how quickly things could switch up like that, her arms flailed as her body activated its fight or flight. No way she was going to die here. Her last bubble of oxygen escaped as she elbowed the balls of her attacker and flipped over them before chucking them into the water. Without hesitating, she jumped in after them and slammed their head on a jagged rock poking out. Repeatedly. A mix of blood and water flowed downstream as she backed away, wiping her brow. She typically hated getting into one-on-one fights and preferred taking things from a range. 
The adrenaline she was pumped up on however had seemed to wear out and the current of the river swept her off her feet and downstream. She kind of accepted her fate and lay back until she felt a rope wrap around her and drag her onto the shore. Wiping water from her eyes, she’d turn to look at her mystery saviour yet they were no longer there. She was all alone.

[Next chapter >>](<Chapter 2.md>)