# Chapter Three

Zenon was the first of his group to step on the precariously held bridge although it didn’t even shake. Almost like the boy himself had no weight. He easily travelled over the wooden planks without a need to hold onto the rope and crossed to the other side effortlessly. The same couldn’t be said for the rest of his party who desperately clung to the rope bridge as it swung heavily. With a slight roll of his eyes, Zenon treaded back onto the bridge and held a hand out to Bianca - who was the closest to him - although she smacked his hand away.
“I don’t need your help.” She spat at him as he shrugged and moved on reaching out to Winston who happily took his hand. Almost eagerly. Eventually, they all reached the other side of the bridge and surveyed what lay in front of them. It was quite literally just a desert with a large amount of dead vegetation. There was clear movement in the distance, hunched over black figures looking for something to eat. It was clear they weren’t natural.
“We’re avoiding those, right guys?” Winston asked nervously although he got completely ignored as Zenon and Bianca started walking in that direction and he had no choice but to follow suit. Once there was a sizable distance between Zenon and Bianca, Winston attempted to try to start a conversation with her. “Why don’t you like him at all?” He questioned tilting his head, “He doesn’t seem like a bad guy.” 
“First of all,” She began with a harsh voice, “Zenon is an it. Not a he.” Although seeing Winston’s confused face she paused, “Can you not see it?”
“See what?”
“Never mind.” She huffed and looked up as Zenon stopped walking ahead.
“There’s six of them.” He said, indicating the deformed figures in front of them. “Relatively weak I’m guessing since they’re so close to the border.” He glanced behind him as the two caught up to him, “You guys take the two on the left. I’ll take the other four.”
“FOUR?!?!” Winston exclaimed, “No way you can handle all four by yourself. Pause.” However, there wasn’t time for a debate as the monsters had turned their attention to the group and started rushing them. Zenon moved in such a way it looked unnatural yet Winston didn’t have enough time to get a good look as he drew out his weapon, a retractable spear which he swung around and slammed the blunt end into the side of the creature yet this seemed to do nothing as the creature swung towards him and he had to duck, just barely missing the attack. As he looked up, he spotted Zenon on the head of the monster, a hole going straight through it. Blue blood and what seemed to be a convolution of flesh squelched on the ground next to Winston as the monster crashed to the ground with a thud.
“How did you get to this stage, Winston?” Bianca asked as she walked over. The monster she had killed faded away behind her. Dissipating as particles into the air, the same with the 4 dead ones behind Zenon. “We are so screwed if you can’t even handle these.”
“Look it’s fine, we can just pull extra Bianca,” Zenon said although he quickly went quiet after Bianca shot him a nasty look. “Come on Winston.” He held out his hand to help the boy, “I’m guessing it’s your first time seeing these? It will get harder so you’ll soon get used to them.” He tried to give a smile although it was hard to tell with the mask he was wearing, “We have a month to get you up to scratch. Not much can happen in a month.” He sighed as Winston got up and they started looking around. 
“Thanks.” Winston muttered before continuing, “So where exactly are we meant to be heading?” Bianca brought out a map from her bag “YOU HAD THAT THE WHOLE TIME??!” Winston exclaimed although he was visibly ignored.
“So there’s apparently a stronghold just before the Pitch Forest.  I’m guessing we should aim to travel there if we want the greatest chance of survival. It has a barrier so we should be safe there and I’m guessing there’s a ton of hunter-only gear that we could get there.” She showed the map to the others, “We just need to cut through a ravine 2 days North and then after 5 days of travelling through it we should reach the city of Alchate.” 
“Is it magical?” Winston perked up with a jokey grin as Bianca sort of rolled her eyes.
“Yes Winston, it is.” She put the map back in the bag. “Might as well start travelling now.”
“Wait, wait, wait.” Winston jumped in, “How do you guys know so much about the unexplored darklands which none of us were legally allowed to enter until this moment.” He raised an eyebrow “How can I trust that I’m not surrounded by demons who are waiting for the perfect opportunity to kill me.” Bianca opened her mouth as if she was about to say the most horrid response but she got cut off by Zenon,
“You already answered your question, Winston. Legally.” He shrugged and started walking again.

[Next chapter >>](<Chapter 4.md>)