# Chapter Five

The sound of footsteps quietly bounced off the walls of the tunnel as the trio made their way although only one pair of footsteps echoed. 
“How can you guys even see anything?” Winston moaned, “It’s literally pitch black.” He huffed as he held onto Bianca’s sleeve. 
“Stop whining like a little bitch.” She muttered as they continued through. Eventually, they got to a turn with three separate partings. 
“No. Before you even say it, we are not splitting up. I am sick and tired of seeing that trope everywhere and everyone getting crapped on by some stupidly overpowered opponent.”
“Fine then, be like that. I guess we’re sticking together.”
“Let’s stick to the left. That way we can easily follow the wall without too many issues hopefully.” Zenon suggested. After hearing no complaints he shrugged and they went that way, eventually, they heard anvils. It no longer sounded like mining, but rather like creating. Smoke billowed their way and they followed it till they got to another parting. There were only two paths with smoke coming out of only one of them. Without any hesitation, Zenon walked down the left although he turned back to see Bianca motionless, her eyes wide open. Winston tried to tug her but she refused to move.
“No. Whatever is down there is horrible.” She whispered, “I can sense it. We are going to die if we go that way.” Zenon looked at her with intrigue.
“I thought you wanted to be a hunter. 
“I do! I just don’t want to die here.” 
“Fine. We’ll go the other way to see what’s there but no matter, we have to come back. You’ll have enough time to calm yourself down but I won’t hesitate to leave you if you can’t.” He looked her dead in the eye. “Understood?” She slowly nodded and they went down the other path eventually getting to a room. It was dusty and smelt rotten, a lone table sat in the middle and Zenon walked over to it. The candles in the room blew out as he walked although the drop in light did not affect him. He read what seemed to be blueprints to a hammer. One made out of gallion. “Look at this.” He passed it to Bianca who read as she shivered slightly. 
“This is practically a superweapon.” She breathed out, she could see her breath appear in front of her. “In the wrong hands, it just doesn’t make sense but it does.” She rubbed her arms, “Is it just me or is it really cold?” She asked her eyes flickering around as she fell to her knees and slumped forward.
“What happened?!” Winston asked startled, he could barely see but heard the thud. 
“I think Bianca fainted,” Zenon said, reaching down and picking her up, swinging her arms around his neck. “We don’t have time to wake her up. We’ll cope, just the two of us.” He said walking next to Winston who grabbed his arm. 
“Will we get out of here alive?” He asked, genuinely concerned. “What is going on down here?”
“I don’t know. We will get out of here alive though, you have nothing to worry about Winston.” Zenon’s voice sounded off slightly, it didn’t sound the cool even tone it usually was. Slightly shaky, it made Winston doubt him strongly but there wasn’t anything they could do.

The boys made their way back down the tunnel and entered their original route. Bianca squirmed in Zenon’s arms as he led them all down the path. It was quiet. Eventually, they reached what seemed to be light at the end of the tunnel, literally. Winston let go of Zenon and started walking alongside him as they went towards the edge. They’d hear a cheer as they stepped out into what was a massively hollowed-out room. They were surrounded by demons all jeering and in the centre was what looked to be a human, banging a hammer against…another hammer. Forging something. Zenon frowned as he took a closer look at the human and realised he had two horns sticking out of his head. Suddenly the room went silent as the demons all turned their head in sync to look at the trio. Bianca tucked her head into Zenon's neck and Winston glanced at her before giving Zenon a weird look.
“I guess they probably won’t let us walk out of here?” He drew his spear. The demons started moving towards them before the humanoid called them to a stop. 
“Don’t attack them. They’re our guests.” He grinned maliciously, “Welcome to my humble abode adventurers! Please do make yourselves at home.” He tilted his head and placed his small hammer on the table. “I insist.”

This was not the situation that they wanted to be in. Zenon regretted leading them in, the being in front of them was truly monstrous. 
“No need for those around here. I would appreciate it if you didn’t swing it around like a brute.” The humanoid said to Winston as he appeared in front of him. Winston's spear completely shattered as the humanoid laid his hand on it and returned to his workbench; It was almost like he teleported although Zenon had tracked his movement. Winston was left flabbergasted as he realised he was now defenceless. For some reason, Zenon’s weapons remained untouched. “My my, where have my manners gone? My name is Dr Maxwell, you can call me Max if it makes you feel better.” He smiled slightly, “Others call me the Demon King’s scientist. One of the 7 Generals of Hell even.” He laughed, “Although as humble as I am I’d be surprised if you called me that.” Winston’s skin crawled.
“Why haven’t you killed us yet? You know you can.” Zenon questioned, “A General such as yourself could easily wipe us off this planet, right?” Zenon took a step towards him but got stopped by one of the demons blocking his path. 
“I could but I’d like to see the hope fade from your eyes when I finish crafting this beautiful weapon, one that could take down a general such as mine and I’d love to watch you cry as you realise it was so close to being in your possession.” He laughed before he went back to crafting whilst his eyes darted around taking note of the positions of the demons around the room and he’d take a step back. 
“That’s very generous of you, letting us see the completion of such a masterpiece.”
“I know right!” 
Zenon looked down at Bianca, it was only just now he noticed but she smelt like the sweet floral scent of a waterfall. She looked so comfortable and he felt a pang in his heart looking at her face, this sort of weakness was so unlike her although out of the corner of his eye, he could feel Winston’s mild judgemental stare. 
“This will only take a second,” Zenon muttered to Bianca as he handed her to Winston who gave a viable huff trying to carry her. The demons moved closer as Zenon turned and looked them directly in the eye. His gold eyes shone with bloodlust and all the demons, all the demons apart from Maxwell shrunk back. 
“Haha, finished!” Maxwell grinned, “Now you die.” He snapped his fingers signalling for the demons to attack but nothing happened. They all keeled over and fell to the floor, sword slashes visible across their backs. Zenon hadn’t moved although there was blood slowly disappearing from his sheathed katana. “What..?”
“Oh, you didn’t see what happened there general?” A wide smile appeared on Zenon’s face, “I killed them all.” 
“Impossible.” Maxwell and Winston said simultaneously, blinking in shock. Bianca slowly opened her eyes, her vision blurry as she looked at Zenon in front of her and Maxwell on the other side of the room. 
“What’s going on…?” She murmured as Zenon drew his katana, steam rising from the edge.
“If this is what all demon generals are like, then this task will be easier than expected.” Zenon laughed, it was odd from Winston and Bianca’s perspective. Seeing Zenon laugh.
“Do you really think you can stop me?” Tentacles arose from Maxwells’ back, “I have spent years studying alchemy and you think I’m going to die to some kid. No. Your fun game ends here.” The tentacles rushed forward and the candles flickered as a thud was heard. Maxwell watched as his tentacles fell to the ceiling. Wait no, he was seeing everything upside down. His world spun as his head plummeted to the ground and his body slumped over behind him. “What…?” Zenon stood behind him, his sword dripping blue. “All these years.” His voice whispered as he faded away and Zenon resheathed his sword. Bianca and Winston looked at him, their mouths wide open before Bianca realised who was carrying her and she jumped up. 
“Get off me.” She snapped as she shakily moved over but fell to a knee. Zenon picked up the hammer and slid it towards Winston before helping Bianca up to aid her walking.
“Your new weapon.” He nodded at Winston who still stared at him open-mouthed. “Come on, we need to keep moving if we want to reach Alchante,” Zenon murmured as he walked out the door at the end of the room with Bianca’s arm around his shoulder.
