# Chapter Two

“So er,” a tall man with a pinstripe suit began talking “I didn’t expect so little of you to survive.” He pushed his glasses up nervously, “We might have to skip the next phase…” he muttered mostly to himself as a woman with outrageously long black hair appeared next to him, resting a hand on her shoulder. The remaining crowd looked shocked as it seemed she had teleported, even Zenon who felt like his awareness scales higher than everyone else's didn’t notice her. 
“Don’t worry Phipps. I already have my next stage planned for them, after all, hunters need to adapt, right?” She smiled warmly although it felt uneasy. As if she was someone nice on the outside but insanely deadly. 
“Thank you,” Phipps murmured as he walked away scratching his head.
“So then.” The woman began, “I am Mai. Your next examiner. I would say it is a pleasure to meet you but I don’t know how many of you will survive.” She said offhandedly, “Or how many of you should survive.” It was momentary but Zenon felt her eyes rest slightly longer on him. “Don’t worry though, you shan’t need to kill each other, now we only care about the main reason you’re here. Killing demons.” She made a gesture to the North, “One week. In there. Three people per team are chosen at random. I will read out the names. Anthony, Kimi and Lisa. You are team one. Winston, Zenon and Bianca. You are team two. Alexia, Lia and Mary. You are team three. In order to gain your Hunters’ status all three members of your team must survive the month. Now I know some of you must be questioning why we are letting you in here despite not being official Hunters. To that I say, a special occasion. Enjoy it while you can, or don’t. Not many people get this opportunity regardless but make sure to never let your guard down, what’s out there is unlike anything you have ever seen before. Good luck.” 

Team two approached the massive gate. Each member had a different face. One was determined. One was uneasy. The last was empty.
“So then…” A scruffy boy with brown hair that either seemed to be greying began “Seeing as we’re going to be spending a whole month we might as well get to know each other?” He shrugged trying to incite conversation although he seemed more focused on Bianca than Zenon who emptily looked at the gate as it opened at a snail's pace. “What do you guys say?”
“This is ridiculous.” the brown-skinned girl snapped back at Winston “We don’t need to spend an entire month to become fucking Hunters.” she huffed “Especially with that thing.” she nodded towards Zenon who looked back at the two not saying much although Winston was just left confused. 
“Look.” He began, “We all want the same thing so it shouldn’t be a problem.” However, Zenon had already started walking towards the gate.
“Just try not to die and we’ll be fine,” he said in a light voice that didn’t seem to fit his look.
“Yeah, good luck with that. You-” although Bianca was cut off as an announcement called them to leave and enter the wasteland otherwise known as the darklands.

[Next chapter >>](<Chapter 3.md>)