# Prologue

Demons. Creatures not native to Earth, a disease many would say. No one truly knows their origin but what is for sure is that they grew in number and the word cohabitation never existed to them. Fights broke out, wars raged and the demons seemed to have supernatural powers and indescribable powers that could easily overcome the humans. Taking over the North of the continent their forces spread until they got to a ridge. One that divided the North and the South, it seemed like it would be no challenge for them to cross over however they never did. 100 years have passed and still, humans are no closer to figuring out what stopped the rampage of the demons. Some call it a magical barrier, divine intervention even.
They never forgot though. The world is theirs and they were going to take it back. It all started with a spark, a child who suddenly broke out into flames. This boy was named Adam and the King of the South adopted him as his own. A poster boy who seemed to be unique, different from the rest although one who could lead the path towards a weapon, a weapon that could eradicate the demons. From there, many people with powers started to appear spontaneously across the continent. As such, an organisation was formed called The Guild of Hunters. They would occasionally be deployed to the North Continent and fight demons in the name of retaking the country. It wasn’t so easy though, after all….AfTEr ALl….After all. The Demon King wasn’t alone.

---

The hall bustled with movement and noise as a large number of people entered the room. Each - despite looking vastly different - had one definable feature that was common between everyone, a tag with a number over their heart. 
“Excuse me,” A somewhat young girl would mutter, pushing past a white-haired boy and then pausing, glancing back at him, “Do I know you?” She asked although he had already disappeared into the rest of the crowd. Giving a slight frown she’d continue pushing past others, feeling out of place at the amount of adults there. After all, this wasn’t a profession you live to old age in so most people join it when they reach their prime of life. She spotted a tall brown-haired boy who looked slightly nervous to be there, at least she wasn’t alone in regards to age although she doubted he would last long. He seemed rather weak, it is better to not speak to someone who probably won’t even get past the first phase. 

“Welcome everyone!” A voice would echo as a hooded angel (the most defining feature of the room) would fall away alongside the wall behind it, revealing a forest. “The first phase of the hunter exam will begin now. Your first task….Survive.”

[Next chapter >>](<Chapter 1.md>)
